Hi, Israq twenty one here,
Today, I will recap a movie called The mist,
The Mist is a 2007 American science-fiction horror film, based on the 1980 novella "The Mist" by Stephen King,
This is a spoiler content video, Enjoy the video and let’s start the story
The movie begins with a huge thunderstorm, a husband named, David,
his wife, Stephanie, and their eight-year-old son, Billy,
take shelter from a huge thunderstorm, which results in a lot of property damage the next morning
surveying around their property Billy discovers damage that has been done to their boathouse by their neighbor Brent's tree,
while inspecting The Boathouse, the family discovers a mysterious Mist hovering over the lake in front of them,
which seems to be coming from the mountain across,
yet they didn't give it too much of a thought and continued on,
David Goes to talk to his neighbor about trading insurance information, to cover for the repairs on The Boathouse,
in that talk, he discovers that Brent's car got crushed by another tree during the thunderstorm,
and as a favor, he drives Brent of the town with his son in the backseat,
on their way into town, they drive by a few suspicious military vehicles going the opposite way of them,
after the devastating storm last night, a lot of people went to the supermarket to buy groceries, amongst them are David his son and Brent,
suddenly the sound of sirens can be heard, as military vehicles in police cars by the store,
an elderly man by the name of Dan Miller, comes running into the store with a bloody nose,
he is shouting that there is something in the mist and it took a young man,
People thought him to be crazy,
now slowly, but steadily, a Mist starts surrounding the store and a sudden earthquake appears,
putting all the people in a panic,
they are reluctant to leave the store after what just happened,
but one woman goes on about having to see her daughters,
She left them alone, letting the older one, who is 8 years old, babysit the younger one, She is worried about them, since the older one sometimes forgets to check on her sister
Since no one would accept to accompany her, she decides to leave alone and go into the mist, where she was not seen again
Groups of people started forming, which would talk  about good old times, in an effort to calm down.
In search of blankets for his son, David was  told to look for them in the logging dock by  the store manager Ollie Weeks,
Once he enters  the dock through the backdoor,
he discovers a malfunctioning emergency generator creating  a lot of smoke and decides to turn it off,
In the silent darkness, David suddenly hears a  weird noise coming from behind the garage door,
as  if something were pushing against it.
When he goes  back inside to tell a group of local men about the noise, they didn’t believe him, but rather decided  on opening the door in order to fix the generator,
He started arguing with the locals, saying that  it is not safe out there.
That upset one of the guys who accused David of looking down on them and  believing they are stupid,
Against David’s advice,  the bagger boy Norm, trying to prove his bravery,  opens the garage door,
but is immediately met by a tentacled creature that grabs him by his  leg.
David and Ollie try to pull him out of  the monster’s grip, but fail to do so, resulting  in the boy’s death,
The others barely managed to drive off the creature and cut off one of its  tentacles with an axe before closing the door,
While discussing whether or not they should  tell the truth to everyone else in the store,
they realize that it is not as safe inside as they  think,
Even after telling the customers about what had just happened in the logging dock, they still  wouldn’t believe and just laughed it all off,
as if it were a bad joke, Their opinions changed,  however, after showing them proof in the form of the tentacle they managed to cut off.
After the  store owner confirmed the existence of a threat,  David and Ollie directed the customers to  barricade the storefront windows,
Mrs. Carmody, a religious fanatic, begins preaching about an  impending Armageddon and how this is judgment day, brough upon them by God, which scares the  children in the store
Annoyed by her arrogance,  Amanda Dunfrey, a teacher, steps up and slaps Mrs.  Carmody to stop her from talking further nonsense.
In disbelief of the existence of any monsters,  a group of sceptics, led by Brent Norton,  decide to leave the store in hopes of seeking  rescue outside.
David tries to talk some sense into Brent, which ends up making his neighbor even  angrier.
Hoping to be able to obtain some weapons,
one of the town locals volunteers to go out and  try to retrieve a shotgun from Ambrose’s truck.
In order to find out how far he will manage to  go they decide to tie a rope around his waist.
As the group walks into the mist, the rope  starts to be pulled rapidly for some moments, before it stops completely.
With silence and fear  filling the room, David start pulling the rope back inch by inch, already expecting the worst.
At  one moment, blood started appearing on the other side of the rope, revealing at its very end merely  the lower part of the biker’s body.
The whole store gasped in awe, shielding the children’s  eyes from the horror they’ve just witnessed,
Now that the people have seen proof, they start  taking the threat seriously,
In preparations for the night, some people put up lights all over  the store, believing that the lights might scare the beasts away,
Sadly, that trick only ends up  attracting the creepy enormous flying insects,
Slamming against the glass enough times, they  manage to break the glass and swarm the store,
Everyone starts panicking and running from the  creatures, but some of them did so in vain,
One of the wasp-like creatures flew directly into  the store clerk Sally, stinging her in her neck,
In the ensuing panic, two people are killed by  the insects and another is burned to death in an attempt to incinerate the creatures,
Sally’s death left one particular man grieving,
Jessup, who had just admitted his feelings for her a few minutes prior,
Mrs. Carmody perfectly described a scene from the Bible that replicates this exact  incident and in the chaos is miraculously spared from an insect,
leading her to proselytize more  fervently and gain followers among the survivors,
Meanwhile, the store manager Ollie  saves Billy’s life by shooting on the insects before it could attack him,
The next morning, a small group, led by David goes to the neighboring pharmacy in search  of medical supplies and some other survivors, who might have sought shelter in there,
Amanda  and others tried to convince him of the danger this idea poses, and that he could leave his son  orphaned, but he believed it to be safe enough to get to the pharmacy,
reminding them of how far  the biker got before he was actually killed,
Even Mrs Carmody advised them against leaving,  going off in a monologue of her religious talk, when she gets hit in the head by a can
It turns out to have been thrown by an ex-teacher Irene Reppler, who told her to  shut her mouth,
Going through the mist, they actually quickly got to the pharmacy, Since  it was quiet inside, they believed to be safe,
However, inside the pharmacy, they discover the  nest of giant spiders along with the dead group of people led by Brent
Their bodies were used  as hatching ground for a million new spiders,
They get attacked by the giant spiders who killed  two men using their burning web to skin and wound their pray,
In an attempt to retreat, Dan gets  met by another spider in front of the exit door, which he brutally stabs using merely a stick,
Luckily, the rest of the group get back to safety inside the store,
Mrs Carmody,  who had opposed the expedition, uses this failure to increase her influence, by offering  protection from divine wrath to new converts,
Many believers would start forming circles  of prayer, accepting all new joiners,
David recalls the unusual last words of the deceased  soldier in the pharmacy, which were “I’m sorry.”
which leads him to believe that the military  has something to do with this catastrophe,
In search of the other soldiers that were locked  up in the store with them, they find out that two of the had committed suicide, probably out  of the guilt they felt,
When confronted, the third soldier, Jessup, reveals that a government  project to discover other dimensions was underway at the base, and that scientists may have opened a doorway into a dimension containing the creatures invading the town,
In rage of finding out these  news, Mrs Carmody's followers stab Jessup and offer him as a sacrifice,
They expel him from  the supermarket, where he is immediately devoured by a giant praying mantis-like creature,
After experiencing such traumatic scenes, David’s son Billy asks his father to promise  him not to let the monsters take him,
The next morning, David and his group, which  consists of Amanda, his son Billy, Ollie, Bud, Irene Reppler and Dan Miller,
prepare to leave  the store to seek refuge from the crazy coven that has formed in the store,
While everyone was  still asleep, they try to go for the front door, but are met there, by Mrs Carmody,
She claims to  be God’s vessel and preaches about God requiring a blood sacrifice to be pleased, portraying him as a monster,
She demands that Billy be delivered as the next sacrifice,
In the ruckus, David was  ready to fight her in order to protect  his son, however, Ollie guns her down  first, in her rage of insanity,
He goes on to threatening her traumatized  followers into standing down, thus allowing the group to escape,
Despite his best efforts,  he and two others get devoured by the creatures, while trying to get to David’s van,
Luckily at  least, Bud manages to run back inside the store,
Only David, Billy, Amanda, Dan and Irene manage  to reach David’s car in the end,
In an effort to grab Amanda’s pistol from the car hood, David  barely escapes a monster’s attack, but manages to get the pistol, which he believed to be of use,
They drive off towards David’s house through the mist, where he finds his wife Stephanie already  dead and hanging from webs,
Devastated by what he has seen, he decides to drive them all away from  the town,
Along the way, they pass by several abandoned cars on the highway and come across  a colossal six-legged beast,
After driving for hours, they inevitably run out of gas,
With no  means of escaping the mist and terrifying noises approaching their car,
David pulls out Amanda’s  pistol, suggesting with the look on his face,  that they should kill themselves, rather than die  a horrible death,
As he counts the bullets left, he realizes they are one bullet short,
He decides  to spare everyone else the pain and be the one to stay alive and kill them,
Right before shooting  his son first, Billy wakes up with a pistol to his head and a shot is fired,
His wish to not  be taken by the monsters had been fulfilled, for better or for worst,
David proceeds to shoot  the other three survivors with the remaining bullets before leaving the car,
then David is screaming in pain to be taken by the creatures,
While waiting there, all of a sudden, the mist starts to  dissipate,
revealing the vanguard of a US Army armored column that is in the process of  exterminating the creatures and restoring order,
On one of the trucks, he sees the store  people who were rescued after they had left,
including the woman who had left to see her  children,
In that moment David realizes that he killed his son and the other survivors  for nothing,
and he continues screaming in agony because regret to kill them all,
And the movie is
over
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoy it,
Please, give me thumbs up and click the subscribe button,
See you on another video